
West Ham boss Graham Potter said his team were "in pain" and called for unity after captain Jarrod Bowen had to apologise for trying to confront fans.

Bowen was held back by stewards after the final whistle of the Hammers' 3-2 EFL Cup defeat at Wolves, where two late goals consigned them to a third straight loss.

The forward had gone over to the travelling fans to salute them, only to react after something seemed to be said from the stands.

Defeat - after two late goals from Jorgen Strand Larsen - condemned the winless Hammers to another loss at the start of an already turbulent season.

Potter said: "We're all in pain so we need everybody to help. We need everybody's support. We need to push forward and on to the next match.

"The team's suffering at the moment, we all are, we're all hurting. I can assure you no-one's happy.

Potter said he did not know what had been said by either the fan or Bowen.

"Our supporters have been fantastic," he added. "They are hurting because of the results we've had and Jarrod obviously cares about the club and the team. It's just an exchange of views by people who care.

"Everyone is hurting, rightly so because we haven't had the results we'd like. Jarrod has been a fantastic captain and servant for the club."

Bowen was the player who went closest to the away supporters to applaud them, but then became incensed.

Within 45 minutes of the final whistle he had said sorry.

"Apologies to the fans for tonight's reaction," the England forward wrote on Instagram.

"I'm someone who is passionate and will fight every time I step on the pitch. But I need to set a better example and you fans know how much I love you and this club.

"We ride through the bad times together and I'll see you all Sunday."

Tuesday's defeat added to the pressure on Potter, who has won just five of his 22 games in charge since replacing Julen Lopetegui in January.

The Hammers have conceded 11 goals in their three defeats this season - including last week's 5-1 thumping by Chelsea - and go to Nottingham Forest in the Premier League on Sunday.

