At a glance

Adam Idah, Luke McCowan and Daizen Maeda all miss in penalty shootout

Celtic toil for most of the game with James Forrest header saved & Daizen Maeda blazing over late on before extra time

Bizarre indirect free-kick and penalty scare survived by Celtic

Jack Herrall
BBC Sport Scotland
Celtic blew the chance to reach the Champions League after an ignominious defeat in a penalty shootout away to Kairat Almaty as Brendan Rodgers' side failed to score a goal in 210 minutes.

Substitute Adam Idah missed the first spot-kick, and home keeper Temirlan Anarbekov capped a fine display with further saves to deny Luke McCowan and, tellingly, Daizen Maeda.

It sealed a 3-2 outcome on penalties to send the Kazakh side into the Champions League proper for the first time in their history.

Maeda had earlier blasted a late 85th-minute shot over the bar that would have ended the agony endured over two legs, with a powerful McCowan strike well stopped in extra time too.

The build-up to the game was dominated by Celtic's listless showing in the first leg and lack of recruitment throught the summer, but the side did little to right that wrong for much of the second leg.

The first half saw Kasper Schmeichel and the offside flag deny Kairat in their fleeting ventures forward, while James Forrest's header was smartly tipped over the bar. Both sides struggled to show any signs of attacking impetus as the first half, mercifully, drew to a close.

Rodgers opted to keep the same XI that started the game for the second period as he looked for a response from the players trusted to get the job done.

Despite reinforcements now seeming likely, the squad still looked uninspiring and without of a matchwinner as the riches of the Champions League hung in the balance.

As the tie slipped into the latter stages, a looping back pass from Callum McGregor had to be punched clear twice by Schmeichel, giving Kairat an indirect free-kick on the six-yard line.

It was blasted off of Maeda, with the hosts screaming for a penalty, but referee Maurizio Mariani waved away their spot-kick appeals.

Five minutes from full-time the best chance of the tie presented itself to Maeda as he raced on to the end of a well-weighted McGregor through-ball, but the forward couldn't compose himself and blazed over the bar. The hearty band of Celtic supporters that made the trip were disconsolate.

Kairat tired as extra time started but Celtic still remained unable to find any sort of effective route to goal.

A sharp intake of breath followed McCowan's saved shot as they continued to probe but failed to avoid the tension and lottery of a penalty shootout.

Idah stepped up first and had his effort saved, with Engels and McGregor the only two to convert on a grim night in Almaty.

Celtic analysis: New faces shouldn't have been needed to progress
Murphy's Law states that "Anything that can go wrong will go wrong". That was the story of the tie for Celtic.

A turgid two-legged affair book ended what should have been a confidence-boosting win against Livingston at the weekend, but there were absolutely no signs of improvement from last Wednesday's draw.

Idah started last week's fixture and looked ineffective at best, but dropping him tonight left Celtic without a focal point in a traditional number nine role.

The starting front three this evening of Forrest, Yang, and Maeda were toothless and offered no encouragement or inspiration for their team-mates.

Too many long balls were shelled forward in hope rather than accuracy, too many heavy touches and back passes told the story of a side whose confidence was draining as the game went on.

Much will continue to be made of Celtic's lack of recruitment, but it is undeniable that they should have had enough on the park to progress in the tie.

Questions over new signings and backing from the board are becoming a regular thing for Rodgers at press conferences now, but the failure to see off a lesser side in Kairat with the squad at his disposal must be questioned, too.

What they said
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers: "I always think that investment is great, but it has to be a timely investment. And whatever it is you're doing, it has to be all at the right time.

"But at this moment in time, it's a little bit raw. We've just lost the game.

"This group of players have given everything. We just couldn't find enough good moments and moments of quality to break through."

