22 July 2025
Updated 15 August 2025
Marcus Rashford will have to wait to become an official Barcelona player as the club still have issues registering players within La Liga's salary limits.

The club is said to already be over their salary limit.

Barca manager Hansi Flick said he is "not happy" about the situation, in a news conference before the season begins on 15 August.

"For me, the situation, you can imagine I'm not happy about that. But I know the situation and I believe in the club," he said.

"We will focus on what we can change and what is in our hands. The other things, I believe in the club."

Rashford, who is on loan from Manchester United, can however still train and play in non-competitive matches even without being registered.

He has made numerous appearances during pre-season friendlies, including scoring his first Barca goal in a 5-0 win over South Korean side Daegu.

Defender Joao Garcia is also yet to be registered despite the departure of Inigo Martinez to Saudi Arabian club Al-Nassr.

Get in touch
Send us your questions


Contact form
'Rashford must hope Barca get economics right'
Simon Stone
Chief football news reporter
Barcelona and their finances have been the subject of intense debate for a number of years.

In the 2024-25 season the club spent more on buying players and on wages than they made in revenue.

To crunch it down, La Liga regulations mean that until they can get £100m worth of revenue connected to VIP seats in the Nou Camp signed off - they were not ready in time so missed the date they were hoping for - they cannot spend everything they raise from player exits.

Barca are active in the transfer market - Ansu Fati has joined Monaco on loan and Clement Lenglet has left for Atletico Madrid - so they are creating space. But they are not there yet with the VIP seats.

Barcelona, Marcus Rashford and his advisers, and even La Liga, feel this will be done before the transfer window closes. But, until that is completed, Rashford cannot be registered to play in competitive games.

Barcelona's season starts with a trip to Real Mallorca on 16 August.

What happened last season?
Barcelona signed Dani Olmo in August 2024, but he was only registered for the first half of the 2024-25 season as a special exception.

This was because of Barcelona's financial situation and not being able to meet La Liga's wage cap restrictions.

A court rejected Barcelona's appeal twice to register the player on a second temporary basis.

Eventually in January 2025, he was registered for La Liga.

This article is the latest from BBC Sport's Ask Me Anything team.

What is Ask Me Anything?
Ask Me Anything is a service dedicated to answering your questions.

We want to reward your time by telling you things you do not know and reminding you of things you do.

The team will find out everything you need to know and be able to call upon a network of contacts including our experts and pundits.

We will be answering your questions from the heart of the BBC Sport newsroom, and going behind the scenes at some of the world's biggest sporting events.

Our coverage will span the BBC Sport website, app, social media and YouTube accounts, plus BBC TV and radio.

